README.md, before:

# Environmental Injustice in the Kansas City Metro

##Purpose \*\*\* Geospatial analysis of EJScreen data done for week one of the course EDS-223.

## Contents

+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Data Files      | data \                                                            |
|                 | ├──   ejscreen: Folder containing gdb file used in analysis\      |
|                 | ├──   ejscreen-tech-doc-version-2-2.pdf: Technical documentation\ |
|                 | ├──   EJSCREEN_2023_BG_Columns.xlsx: Column descriptions          |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Analysis Script | The analysis script is titled ejscreen.qmd                        |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Outputs         | ejscreen.pdf contains the render of ejscreen.qmd                  |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

## Data Access

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Download data from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nG6Nj1bXfzQFOVMO8Km3eNy4SWu1YcIQ/view?usp=sharing).

## References

------------------------------------------------------------------------

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), 2024. EJScreen Technical Documentation.

Commit message:

Revise README for project on redlining and environmental justice

README.md, after:

## Environmental Injustice in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area
Author: William Mullins [willrmull](https://github.com/willrmull) | [Personal Website](https://william-mullins.com/)
### Overview
Inequality has been a longstanding issue within the Kansas City area, with the effects of redlining still dividing the city along racial lines. The goal of this project was to examine the affects this segregation has had on environmental justice within the metro.
***
### Repository Structure
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Data Files      | data \                                                            |
|                 | ├──   ejscreen: Folder containing gdb file used in analysis\      |
|                 | ├──   ejscreen-tech-doc-version-2-2.pdf: Technical documentation\ |
|                 | ├──   EJSCREEN_2023_BG_Columns.xlsx: Column descriptions          |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Analysis Script | The analysis script is titled ejscreen.qmd                        |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Outputs         | ejscreen.pdf contains the render of ejscreen.qmd                  |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
***
### Data Access and Information
***
This project uses data from the EPA's Environmental Justice Screening and Mapping Tool. While the data is no longer avaliable all data used for project can be downloaded from [here]("https://drive.google.com/file/d/14CauXFZkVh_6z2Euq0m1Sq1kHQ31fiMk/view?usp=sharing").

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Download data from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nG6Nj1bXfzQFOVMO8Km3eNy4SWu1YcIQ/view?usp=sharing).

## References

------------------------------------------------------------------------

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), 2024. EJScreen Technical Documentation.
